Who did you look up to as a child?
What is your favourite hobby?
If you could go anywhere in the world, where would it be?
If you could only eat one type of food for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Do you have any hidden talents?
What is your favourite childhood memory?
What is the biggest risk you've taken?
What is the bravest thing you've ever done?
If you could only watch one movie or television show for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Describe your ideal day.
What do you want people to remember about you?
What is your favourite animal and why?
Do you collect anything?
Who is your most listened to artist?
What is the most unusual pet you've had?
What is the first concert you ever attended?
What is your favourite type of cuisine?
What is your favourite season and why?
What movie have you seen the most times?
What is your favourite ice cream flavour?
Describe your dream home.
If you could go back in time for a day, what day would you go to?
What is one thing you've learned that you wish you could tell your younger self?
What is your favourite place in the world?
What is the next vacation you have planned?
How many siblings do you have?
Related: 65 Icebreaker Questions

Fun fact questions about your professional experience
Here are examples of questions someone may ask to hear fun facts about your professional experience:

What motivates you in your professional life?
Do you have any long-term career goals?
What was your biggest workplace accomplishment?
What is your dream job?
Where do you see yourself in five years?
What are you most passionate about?
What type of industry books, resources or materials are you currently reading?
What job did you want as a kid?
What extracurricular activities did you participate in as a child?
What is one trait you would improve about yourself?
Can you play any musical instruments?
Can you speak any other languages?
If someone paid you to write a blog or book about anything, what would it be about?
What was your favourite subject in school?
What was your first job?
Who inspires you the most and why?
What is your favourite workplace memory?
Example answers to "Tell me a fun fact about yourself"
Use these examples to help you craft answers related to fun facts about yourself in different situations:

Professional fun fact examples
These examples can help you develop your own fun fact answers that provide others with a clearer background of your professional goals, accomplishments or experience:

The bravest thing I've ever done was give a product demonstration to a live audience of over one thousand people.
My role model is my dad because he immigrated to Canada when he was only 18, got a job right away, and worked hard to provide for our family.
I have worked in marketing for over half my life.
I have travelled to over 30 countries for business. My favourite one was Japan because they have a lot of delicious food.
The first time I ever moved away from home was participating in a job internship 500 miles away from my hometown.
I'm currently reading a book about financial technology to better familiarize myself with the industry and its ongoing trends.
I can speak four different languages: English, Spanish, Italian, and French.
I was 17 when I got my first job at a fast-food restaurant, which helped me develop leadership, communication and listening skills.
My favourite subject in school was English, which is why I decided to become a writer.
I once set the record for most products sold in one day during my previous sales job.
My previous supervisor would describe me as reliable since I regularly submitted high-quality work by their respective deadlines.
One of my hidden talents is negotiating with others, which I believe is what makes me a strong sales representative.
My favourite part about my job is pitching unique advertising campaign ideas that help small businesses stand out from competitors.
One of my main professional goals is to one day become the president of a financial corporation./em>
Something I can improve about myself is my software knowledge, which is why I currently take technology courses during the evenings and weekends.
Related: How to Introduce Yourself in a Professional Setting

Personal fun fact examples
Use these personal fun facts examples to craft your own answers that could help colleagues, clients or managers build connections with you and get to know you better:

My favourite hobby is;* *hiking on the Bruce Trail every weekend.
My dream vacation is going to Cappadocia and riding in a hot air balloon.
I love to cook. My signature dish is homemade spaghetti and meatballs.
I'm currently taking Spanish courses because I hope to visit Spain at the end of the year.
If I could have any superpower, it would be to speak any language so I could connect with anyone in the world.
An accomplishment I'm most proud of is teaching myself how to play the guitar in three months.
If I could eat one type of cuisine for the rest of my life, it would be Italian food, as I enjoy pasta and pizza.
When I was younger, I wanted to be a pilot, which led me to later earn my pilot's license.
I have a collection of mugs. I get a new mug in every country I go to, so I currently have 24.
In high school and college, I starred as a lead in four different musicals
I have five siblings. Two older brothers and two younger sisters. We're all close in age, so most of us grew up attending the same schools as each other.
I had two pet hamsters when I was younger.
My favourite meal to cook is salted egg, chicken and rice. I serve it at holiday gatherings with my family every year.
The first car I ever owned was a red sedan.
My favourite animal is a dog because they're so energetic and friendly.